Adds Sidecar API (#19)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: builders/interact/substrate-api/polkadot-js-api.md

Note that the `signAndSend` function can also accept optional parameters, such as the `nonce`. For example, `signAndSend(alice, { nonce: aliceNonce })`. You can use the [sample code from the State Queries](#state-queries){target=_blank} section to retrieve the correct nonce, including transactions in the mempool.

### Fee Information {: #fees}

The transaction endpoint also offers a method to obtain weight information for a given `api.tx.<module>.<method>`. To do so, you'll need to use the `paymentInfo` function after having built the entire transaction with the specific `module` and `method`.

> The `paymetnInfo` function returns weight information in terms of `refTime` and `proofSize`, which can be used to determined the transaction fee. This is extermely helpful when crafting remote execution calls via XCM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `paymetnInfo` function returns weight information in terms of `refTime` and `proofSize`, which can be used to determine the transaction fee. This is extremely helpful when crafting remote execution calls via XCM.
```

Reviewer 2: doing a drive by 🚗 `paymentInfo` is a typo too!
